---
id: abdbd074-c969-460b-9417-a5819517f190
blueprint: board_minute
title: '"Jackson (permanent and tournement) + fundraising"'
date_of_meeting: '2025-10-08'
date_of_next_meeting: '2025-11-12'
present: 'Dave, Rowan, Marquesa, Frank, Theo'
financial_report: |-
  # **Monthly Financial Reports** {#monthly-financial-reports}

  Verity Checking Balance:		$195.89

  Chase Checking Balance:		$5,439.70

  Chase credit card Balance: 	$(297.28)

  Paypal Balance: 			$504.40

  Cash Balance: 			$

  **Total: 					$**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1760032181
---
1. Jackson Permanent 
    1. Pilot Info:
        1. Now -> End of April
        2. Then the summer pilot (Parks/Premier have concerns over peak season)
        3. Success for Premier: 
            1. People buy food and alcohol such that sales are noticeable
            2. People disc golf, more people overall use the executive course, people don’t stop golfing because of disc golf
        4. Success for Seattle Parks
            3. We have high “activation”, people using the course
            4. We get out diverse people (e.g., non middle aged white males)
            5. Rules are followed
    2. Programming
        5. We are committed to running 2 programs for youth. Eli Keltz has agreed to run these.
        6. More programming is better, the only must-dos are the kids ones.
        7. Let’s find a way to get Easy3 to do a pop-up?
        8. Wider tournemant
        9. **We need a Task Force for this**
            6. Theo
            7. Eli
            8. Dave
            9. Club dudes
            10. Cory Lackock
            11. Ella Hansens
    3. UDisc
        10. Full 18, Front 9 and Back 9 courses setup
        11. Currently all Par 3
        12. Playing with friends today there were not a lot of pars. 
        13. Women’s events have very generous pars. Monroe added a par 6 for their women’s tournament on Saturday. In order to attract more diversity we are going to change the regular scorecards to have par 4s and keep a “Pro” par-3 only.
        14. **Tee pads**
            12. Update U-Disc - where is the A tee?
            13. Jon & Matt
            14. Red / White / Blue
            15. When is High School
    4. Funding
        15. NWDGA needs these baskets back at the end of April.
        16. We need to create a **fund-raising task force**.
            16. Non-MSDGC Course & Maintenance
    5. Discs from North Park
        17. **Frank - pick through**
2. Jackson Tournament updates
    6. (Do we have a sponsorship list going?) 
    7. Food
        18. Sign & Pay as you enter
            17. **TDS to Tell People**
        19. Arrange with food service
        20. Spreadsheet 
3. MSDGC Course Banner / Schedule / Sponsors
    8. Sign design, Banner design (Dubs announcement)
    9. Check-in Rain
4. Club logo ? 
    10. Not now
5. Raffle updates
    11. Discuss outcome, set goals for next year
        21. $1700 vs $7500 in prizes
        22. Local club got great value
    12. Raffle donors are tracked in the [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1f6utjTa8FxiZB031Ql6bKgiHdA4FmIlVEay-z37dIQY/edit?usp=sharing) (see “Raffle Prizes” tab)
    13. **Goals:**
        23. Operating Expenses / Budget
            18. What is our yearly run-rate?
        24. 
6. Next work party date + Work Party Post-mortem / feedback
    14. **Sunday Nov 16**
7. Glow - future of this and missing money
    15. $58 in the ace pot
    16. Glow is ongoing
    17. 10-12 / week
    18. Limit expenses
    19. Lights + Batteries
8. Old baskets
    20. Hole 7 basket fix-Frank to fix
        25. Will be fixed
        26. Course maintenance: The bottom ring not holding discs
9. Youth/FA/Masters layout	
    21. Evan has the old baskets.	
    22. We want Mach3 / Chainstar 
    23. @**Dave** to scout / plan
    24. Budget ~$2.5K
10. Merch and fundraising
    25. Deferred
11. Finance update
    26. Total 
    27. What is the money we have earmarked for? 
        27. Create financial policy
        28. 
    28. How do we earmark future revenue
    29. Venmo?
    30. Can we do fee-less PayPal?
    31. Zeffy
    32. **Jackson Tournament Paypal Fees - Club Cover**
12. Website update (ready to cancel mailchimp? https://app.brevo.com/)
    33. Misc feedback: QR codes on the website could use some TLC
    34. The link to click/tap looks correct: https://paypal.me/MineralSpringsDGclub
    35. The link in the QR code is weird: https://www.paypal.com/qrcodes/managed/83a970d1-602a-418b-add4-2cee2e4ba71e?utm_source=consweb_more – This link appears to be specific to the PP app, which I don’t have, but it just takes me to a page about the app on a browser tab. 
    36. Would also help to just show the name of the PayPal account on the page so we don’t have to fiddle with the QR code or the hyperlink if you’re already logged in to PayPal. Can we do it like we do for Zelle?: 
    37. 

<p id="gdcalert2" ><span style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>>  gd2md-html alert: inline image link here (to images/image2.png). Store image on your image server and adjust path/filename/extension if necessary. </span><br>(<a href="#">Back to top</a>)(<a href="#gdcalert3">Next alert</a>)<br><span style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>> </span></p>


![alt_text](images/image2.png "image_tooltip")

13. **Tag Opener**